README.md, before:

# SilverStripe Foxy

Foxy.io integration for SilverStripe websites.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/badges/build.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/build-status/master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy)

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy)


## Requirements

* SilverStripe ^4.0

## Installation

```
composer require dynamic/silverstripe-foxy
```

## License

See [License](license.md)

## Example configuration

Add the following extensions and configuration options to `foxy.yml`:

```yaml

PageController:
  extensions:
    - Dynamic\Foxy\Extension\PurchasableExtension

Dynamic\Products\Page\Product:
  extensions:
    - Dynamic\Foxy\Extension\Purchasable

Dynamic\Foxy\Model\FoxyHelper:
  cart_url: ''      # from Foxy store settings
  secret: ''        # from Foxy store advanced settings
  custom_ssl: 0     # (optional) enable custom ssl setting from Foxy store advanced settings
  max_quantity: 10  # maximum number of the same product that can be added to the cart
  product_classes:
    - Dynamic\Products\Page\Product
  include_product_subclasses: 1   # (optional) include subclasses of product_classes in queries
  
```

Create a DataExtension `ProductOptionDataExtension`:
```php
<?

namespace {

    use Dynamic\Products\Page\Product;
    use SilverStripe\ORM\DataExtension;
    
    class ProductOptionDataExtension extends DataExtension
    {
        private static $belongs_many_many = [
            'Products' => Product::class,
        ];
    }
}
```

And add to `foxy.yml`:
```yaml
Dynamic\Foxy\Model\ProductOption:
  extensions:
    - ProductOptionDataExtension
```

## Templates

To include the AddToCartForm on your page/object, use `<% include AddToCartForm %>`

## Maintainers
 *  [Dynamic](http://www.dynamicagency.com) (<dev@dynamicagency.com>)
 
## Bugtracker
Bugs are tracked in the issues section of this repository. Before submitting an issue please read over 
existing issues to ensure yours is unique. 
 
If the issue does look like a new bug:
 
 - Create a new issue
 - Describe the steps required to reproduce your issue, and the expected outcome. Unit tests, screenshots 
 and screencasts can help here.
 - Describe your environment as detailed as possible: SilverStripe version, Browser, PHP version, 
 Operating System, any installed SilverStripe modules.
 
Please report security issues to the module maintainers directly. Please don't file security issues in the bugtracker.
 
## Development and contribution
If you would like to make contributions to the module please ensure you raise a pull request and discuss with the module maintainers.

Commit message:

Added code trimming for product and option codes

README.md, after:

# SilverStripe Foxy

Foxy.io integration for SilverStripe websites.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/?branch=master)
[![Build Status](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/badges/build.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/build-status/master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy)

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/v/unstable)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/dynamic/silverstripe-foxy)


## Requirements

* SilverStripe ^4.0

## Installation

```
composer require dynamic/silverstripe-foxy
```

## License

See [License](license.md)

## Example configuration

Add the following extensions and configuration options to `foxy.yml`:

```yaml

PageController:
  extensions:
    - Dynamic\Foxy\Extension\PurchasableExtension

Dynamic\Products\Page\Product:
  extensions:
    - Dynamic\Foxy\Extension\Purchasable

Dynamic\Foxy\Model\FoxyHelper:
  cart_url: ''      # from Foxy store settings
  secret: ''        # from Foxy store advanced settings
  custom_ssl: 0     # (optional) enable custom ssl setting from Foxy store advanced settings
  max_quantity: 10  # maximum number of the same product that can be added to the cart
  product_classes:
    - Dynamic\Products\Page\Product
  include_product_subclasses: 1   # (optional) include subclasses of product_classes in queries
```

Create a DataExtension `ProductOptionDataExtension`:
```php
<?

namespace {

    use Dynamic\Products\Page\Product;
    use SilverStripe\ORM\DataExtension;

    class ProductOptionDataExtension extends DataExtension
    {
        private static $belongs_many_many = [
            'Products' => Product::class,
        ];
    }
}
```

And add to `foxy.yml`:
```yaml
Dynamic\Foxy\Model\ProductOption:
  extensions:
    - ProductOptionDataExtension
```
## Product option configuration
Product options can be set to trim whitespace off code modifications.
By default it will only trim spaces after the code and remove duplicate spaces.
Setting `trimAllWhitespace` to true will trim all excess whitespace.

```yaml
Dynamic\Foxy\Model\ProductOption:
  trimAllWhitespace: true
```

## Templates

To include the AddToCartForm on your page/object, use `<% include AddToCartForm %>`

## Maintainers
 *  [Dynamic](http://www.dynamicagency.com) (<dev@dynamicagency.com>)

## Bugtracker
Bugs are tracked in the issues section of this repository. Before submitting an issue please read over
existing issues to ensure yours is unique.

If the issue does look like a new bug:

 - Create a new issue
 - Describe the steps required to reproduce your issue, and the expected outcome. Unit tests, screenshots
 and screencasts can help here.
 - Describe your environment as detailed as possible: SilverStripe version, Browser, PHP version,
 Operating System, any installed SilverStripe modules.

Please report security issues to the module maintainers directly. Please don't file security issues in the bugtracker.

## Development and contribution
If you would like to make contributions to the module please ensure you raise a pull request and discuss with the module maintainers.
